Linked List:Its a linear data structure in which element are not stored in contigous memory allocation.
They are stored in a format in which each element is linked with address of next element.
Hence its called a linked list.'Pointers' are used to store address of next element.

Advantages of Linked Lists over arrays:
Dynamic Array.
Ease of Insertion/Deletion.

Drawbacks of Linked Lists: 
Random access is not allowed. We have to access elements sequentially starting from the first node(head node). So we cannot do a binary search with linked lists efficiently with its default implementation. 
Extra memory space for a pointer is required with each element of the list. 
Not cache-friendly. Since array elements are contiguous locations, there is the locality of reference which is not there in the case of linked lists.
It takes a lot of time in traversing and changing the pointers.
Reverse traversing is not possible in singly linked lists.
It will be confusing when we work with pointers.
Direct access to an element is not possible in a linked list as in an array by index.
Searching for an element is costly and requires O(n) time complexity.
Sorting of linked lists is very complex and costly.

Types of Linked List:

1. Simple Linked List: Its a linked list in which we can traverse in one direction each element has pointer to next
linked to it. The last element points to NULL

2. Double Linked List: In this linked list we can traverse backward and forward as it also 
points to previous element not last next one.

3. Circular linked list: This linked list's last element points to head of first element.
Hence called circular linked list.

4. Doubly Circular Linked List – A Doubly Circular linked list or a circular 
two-way linked list is a more complex type of linked list that contains a pointer to the next 
as well as the previous node in the sequence. 
The difference between the doubly linked and circular doubly list is the same as that 
between a singly linked list and a circular linked list. 
The circular doubly linked list does not contain null in the previous field of the 
first node.

5. Header Linked List – A header linked list is a special type of linked list that contains 
a header node at the beginning of the list. 
